README.md, before:

go-flow-s3
==============

This server implements the streaming [flow.js](https://github.com/flowjs/flow.js)
Javascript upload API. Read the full flow.js library for details.

Once a file is successfully and completely uploaded, this library will put the file
contents into a S3 bucket.

The name of the file will be the hex digest from the image bytes being fed through
sha256 and the extension of the uploaded file.

The mime type will be determined from the file extension.

We are using the [mitchellh/amz](https://github.com/mitchellh/goamz) so follow that
repo's recommendation for the AWS credentials. The easiest way is to provide
the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and the `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` in your environment.

go-flow-s3 attempts to limit scope as much as possible. Therefore, you must provide
the `BUCKETNAME` in your env. The AWS credentials for `mitchellh/amz` must have
GET, PUT, and DELETE permissions for your particular `S3_BUCKET`.

This micro service is running on a Dokku instance, but could easily be run on a
Heroku Dyno or your own server.

###Why?

All of the flow server examples were just examples really and didn't work as intended.
Since these days, who wants to actually save files, pipeing them to S3 seems cool.

Commit message:

Ability to skip file upload with env var

README.md, after:

go-flow-s3
==============

This server implements the streaming [flow.js](https://github.com/flowjs/flow.js)
Javascript upload API. Read the full flow.js library for details.

Once a file is successfully and completely uploaded, this library will put the file
contents into a S3 bucket.

The name of the file will be the hex digest from the image bytes being fed through
sha256 and the extension of the uploaded file.

The mime type will be determined from the file extension.

We are using the [mitchellh/amz](https://github.com/mitchellh/goamz) so follow that
repo's recommendation for the AWS credentials. The easiest way is to provide
the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and the `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` in your environment.

go-flow-s3 attempts to limit scope as much as possible. Therefore, you must provide
the `BUCKETNAME` in your env. The AWS credentials for `mitchellh/amz` must have
GET, PUT, and DELETE permissions for your particular `S3_BUCKET`.

This micro service is running on a Dokku instance, but could easily be run on a
Heroku Dyno or your own server.

There is a ENV var that if set, will make this micro service skip uploading the image
to S3. `SKIP_S3_UPLOAD`.

###Why?

All of the flow server examples were just examples really and didn't work as intended.
Since these days, who wants to actually save files, pipeing them to S3 seems cool.
